[Music]
we usually think of wild animals as
beautiful but dangerous creatures
however history knows many cases of wild
animals saving people's lives want to
hear these fascinating stories let's get
into it
number one the whale that protected a
woman from a shark and fall 2017 a
marine biologist was swimming just off
the Cook Islands when she suddenly saw a
humpback whale approaching her it wasn't
that big of a deal until the whale
started to bump into her with its head
and belly it made numerous attempts to
carry the woman on its head belly or
back incredibly confused she returned to
her research vessel look back into the
water and understood why the whale acted
so weird there was a tiger shark
swimming really close to it
this whale was just trying to protect
her and get her out of the water as soon
as possible according to specialists
humpback whales are extremely protective
of their babies always looking out for
predators so maybe it was simply a
natural instinct for a whale to shield a
helpless woman from a large dangerous
shark number 2 the Beavers that
comforted a young boy beavers are among
the cutest animals ever right well after
this story you'll fall in love with them
even more a Canadian family of three had
decided to go on a camping trip
unfortunately this trip ended in tragedy
when the parents decided to go fishing
while their son stayed on the shore the
parents boat tipped over and they
drowned the young boy was scared and had
no idea what to do so he decided to walk
to the nearest town could find to get
help he walked for hours but as the Sun
set he realized he would have to spend
the night outside completely exhausted
he settled on the ground and felt a warm
furry body pressing against him as he
fell asleep when he woke up the next
morning he was really surprised to see
three wild beavers sleeping against him
the temperature had dropped below zero
so if it wasn't for them the young boy
would most probably have frozen to death
number three
the beluga whale that rescued a diver
free diving competitions are usually fun
and exciting but in 2009 one of them
almost turned into a total nightmare the
competition was held at the polar land
aquarium in China and competitors could
also apply for a whale training job
there as one of the competitors dived
into the freezing water she developed a
cramp in her leg and found that she
couldn't swim thankfully Mila one of the
beluga whales in the tank noticed that
something was wrong and grabbed the
woman's leg leading her to the surface
and therefore saving her life
the woman was shocked but luckily
completely unharmed number four the
Lions that saved a kidnap girl back in
2005 a terrifying event happened to a 12
year old Ethiopian girl she was walking
home from school when four men abducted
her allegedly one of them wanted to
marry her by force of course the police
started looking for the girl right away
but they had almost no leads for over a
week finally they found the girl safe
and sound in the company of three adult
lions according to the victim they
attacked the kidnappers scared them away
and stayed with her until the police
arrived the policemen were shocked but
as soon as they approached the girl the
Lions calmly went back into the woods
some specialists suggest that the Lions
came to the girl's rescue because her
crying and screams may have sounded like
a lion cub whether or not it's true one
thing is certain Lions who usually
attack people save this little girl's
life number five a deer that scared away
an attacker deer are certainly elegant
and beautiful creatures but that doesn't
mean they can't be scary sometimes in
winter 2012 a young woman in Ohio was
leaving a party at about 1:00 a.m. and
decided to walk home on foot she was
halfway there when she was attacked by
an unknown man who grabbed her and hit
her he was just about to drag her into a
field when he suddenly saw a deer to be
woken up by the sounds of the woman
struggling they scared the man away and
he fled the scene immediately this deer
unknowingly saved this woman's life
she returned to the party and called 911
she could unfortunately she couldn't
describe enough the man's appearance to
the police so the case remained unsolved
number six the elephant that saved a
girl from a tsunami in 2004 the
southwest coast of southern Thailand was
hit by a horrifying tsunami at that time
the region was full of foreigners who
came to visit the country during the
Christmas season among the people who
tried to flee from the tsunami was an 8
year old girl who knew what would have
happened to her if an elephant hadn't
sheltered her from the giant waves after
that it carried her to higher ground on
its back and tried to protect her from
the approaching waves turning its back
to the waves to make sure the girl would
be safe the girls worried family was
exceptionally relieved when they saw the
girl on her and they credit the elephant
with saving her life number 7 the
gorilla that guarded a little boy in
1986 a young boy was visiting Jersey Zoo
he was having a great time until he
somehow fell into a gorilla enclosure
and passed out from a severe head injury
Jambo one of the gorillas noticed him
falling and immediately came closer to
him trying to comfort the boy by rubbing
his back other gorillas couldn't help
but notice the boy too but they acted
aggressively seeing him as a stranger in
their territory
however Jambo instantly made it clear
that the boy was protected staying with
him until zoo employees and medical
workers arrived thankfully everything
turned out all right and the boy
received the necessary treatment a
similar situation happened at Brookfield
Zoo in 1996 when a three year old boy
fell into the gorilla habitat the story
repeated itself as binti wahhh a female
gorilla protected the boy from the other
gorillas and even carried him all the
way to an entrance where medical
personnel were waiting the boy had to
spend 4 days in the hospital to recover
from the fall binti hua got loads of
attention from visitors who gave her and
her baby delicious treats almost every
day number 8 the bear that protected a
man from a lion and spring 2012 a man
decided to go hiking in the beautiful
woods of whisky flats in California
everything went well and he even saw a
gorgeous bear and its little baby as he
was about to leave he felt something
jump on him from behind pushing him to
the ground no it wasn't a bear it was a
mountain lion the man did his best to
protect himself when the bear he'd been
watching before suddenly attacked the
lion these two had a serious battle for
some time until the lion fled as fast as
it could the bear simply returned to its
cub and the man successfully left the
woods he later confessed that he thinks
the lion was initially planning to
attack the bear but went for him instead
well even the king of the jungle has to
watch out for mama bear number 9 the
giant sea turtle that carried a woman on
its back in 1974 a 62 year old woman
found herself in a life-or-death
situation when the ship she was on was
wrecked nonetheless she made it home
alive thanks to a giant sea turtle who
came to her rescue
as the woman later said she saw the
turtle coming her way and grabbed its
shell to survive as a result she ended
up on the turtle's back until she found
another ship and was pulled out of the
water
but the most amazing thing is that the
turtle carried the woman for two whole
days even though it needed to go
underwater to get food the turtle
basically starved to save a woman's life
witnesses also claimed that after the
woman got on the ship the turtle swam in
circles near the ship for some time as
if it was trying to make sure that
everything was fine only then did it go
underwater which one of these stories
surprised you the most tell us in the
comments section below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side
[Music]